docs/nia: Add Consul KV condition (#11025)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/nia/configuration.mdx

See [Task Execution: Consul KV Condition](/docs/nia/tasks#consul-kv-condition) for more information on how tasks are triggered with a consul-kv condition.

```hcl
task {
  name = "consul_kv_condition_task"
  description = "execute on changes to Consul KV entry"
  source = "path/to/consul-kv-module"
  providers = ["my-provider"]
  services = ["web-api"]

  condition "consul-kv" {
    path                = "my-key"
    recurse             = false
    datacenter          = "dc1"
    namespace           = "default"
    source_includes_var = false
  }
}
```

- `path` - (string: required) The path of the key that is used by the task.
- `recurse` - (bool: false) Whether or not the path should be treated as a prefix instead of a literal match.
- `datacenter` - (string) The datacenter of the services to query for the task. If not provided, the datacenter will default to the datacenter of the agent that Consul-Terraform-Sync queries.
- `namespace` <EnterpriseAlert inline /> - (string) The namespace of the services to query for the task. If not provided, the namespace will be inferred from the Consul-Terraform-Sync ACL token or default to the `default` namespace.

> - `source_includes_var` - (bool: false) Whether or not the module configured at [`task.source`](#source) includes the [`consul_kv` variable](/docs/nia/terraform-modules#consul-kv-variable). Please refer to the documentation of the selected module for guidance on how to configure this field. If configured inconsistently with the module, Consul-Terraform-Sync will error and exit.

Reviewer: Just want to make sure I'm understanding this one correctly:

So `source_includes_var` is only true if the module includes `consul_kv variable` and is always false otherwise?

Author: Yup! This is the flip side of what I mentioned in the other comment, if you pass a variable that the module does not expect, Terraform will also throw an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `source_includes_var` - (bool: false) If set to `true`, the module specified in the [`task.source`](#source) field will include the [`consul_kv` variable](/docs/nia/terraform-modules#consul-kv-variable). This field will default to `false` if the `consul_kv variable` is not configured or configured inconsistently. Refer to the documentation for the selected module for guidance on how to configure this field. If configured inconsistently with the module, Consul-Terraform-Sync will error and exit.
```
Just trying to integrate what @wilkermichael was asking about.

Author: Made a modification similar to your suggestion!
